Add readme and sample project (#34)
alexarchambault/mill-native-image: Readme.md

# Mill-native-image Scala Mill Plugin

> This is a [Mill](https://com-lihaoyi.github.io/mill/mill/Intro_to_Mill.html) plugin which allows building executables using GraalVM native-images for your modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a [Mill](https://com-lihaoyi.github.io/mill/mill/Intro_to_Mill.html) plugin which allows building executables using [GraalVM native-image](https://www.graalvm.org/latest/reference-manual/native-image/) for your modules.
```
(minor typo, and adds a link to the GraalVM website)

The plugin allow build both natively in the current host (for example MacOS) or building in a Docker container to create Linux executables on any platform.

## Installing

To start using this plugin you'll have to include the following import in your `build.sc` file:

```scala
import $ivy.`io.github.alexarchambault.mill::mill-native-image::0.1.23`
import io.github.alexarchambault.millnativeimage.NativeImage
```

## Usage

Sample configuration:

```scala

> import mill._, mill.scalalib._, mill.scalalib.scalafmt._

Author: Good catch!
